given the unprecedented millions of Biden illegal aliens who are invading
our country it is only common sense that
when I'm reelected we will begin and we
have no choice the largest deportation 
operation in American history we have 
no on my first day back in the white 
house I will terminate every open 
borders policy of the Biden 
Administration 
and I will invoke the alien enemies act 
to remove all known or suspected gang 
members drug dealers or cartel members 
from the United States ending the 
scourge of illegal alien gang violence 
once and for 
all Joe Biden and the Democrat Party are 
incapable of solving any problem there's 
not a problem they've been able to solve 
crooked Joe is a lo you know this did 
you ever hear this kooka Joe is a low IQ 
individual and he is truly the worst 
most incompetent and most corrupt 
president in the history of our country 
in 
fact in fact Jimmy Carter is very happy 
because he looks like a brilliant that 
was a brilliant Administration by 
comparison to what you have right 
now
