under Biden other countries are emptying 
out their prisons insane asylums and 
mental institutions and sending them 
right here to the USA can you imagine 
prisons and mental institutions are 
being emptied out I read a story not 
long ago where a man who takes care of a 
large segment of people in a mental 
institution in a South American country 
a doctor sounded like a great man 
actually 
he said he no longer has anything to do 
he used to work 24-hour days he said all 
of our patients have been released into 
the United States of America 
and this is what we have this is what 
we've allowed to happen and we can't 
allow this to happen because we will not 
have a country any longer we can't allow 
it to happen under my leadership we will 
quickly restore the most secure Border 
in U.S history we had the strongest 
Border in history and now we have I 
think the worst Border in the history of 
the world because no country even a 
third world country would allow 
what's happening right now to us to 
happen to them 
the first reconciliation bill I signed 
for a massive increase in Border Patrol 
these border patrol Brandon Judd and all 
of his people they're incredible the job 
they do Tom Holman as a man that knows 
it do you see him on television I call 
him Central Casting but these two guys 
that all of the people that work with 
him this is so good they want to do 
their job 
it's going to be a colossal increase in 
the number of ice and border patrol 
deportation offices following the 
Eisenhower model I don't know if you 
know Dwight Eisenhower was very tough on 
the subject we will use all necessary 
State local Federal and Military 
resources to carry out the largest 
domestic deportation operation in 
American history 
and I will ask every state and federal 
agency to identify every known or 
suspected gang member in America and 
every one of them that is here legally 
we will pick them up and we will send 
them back to the country from which they 
came 
as we 
