[Applause] 
thank you 
[Applause] 
Gordon the first and most urgent action 
when we win will be the sealing of the 
Border stopping the invasion drill baby 
drill send Joe Biden's illegal aliens 
back home we'll do a allot of all of 
those things and we're going to have to 
do them fast because no country can 
sustain what's happening in our country 
you look at New York where I originally 
came from I Love New York and you take a 
look at what's happening hundreds of 
thousands of people they've taken over 
the streets Madison Avenue they've taken 
over Queens they've taken over Brooklyn 
and the Bronx they've taken over the 
whole 
city the little Leaguers can't play 
anymore because people are there that 
you can't play but it took longer than I 
thought but I predicted this it's called 
the migrant crime and it's far more 
deadly than anybody thought they will 
actually have fist fights with police in 
the middle of the street you saw that 
the other day where they attacked police 
even our bad criminals they never had 
fist fights with a cop you know they do 
things and they talk and they shout but 
these guys are actually and you know the 
interesting thing in their country of 
they ever did that they'd be dead within 
seconds they'd be dead I know where they 
come from I know the people that run 
those countries I know the presidents 
and the dictators I know every one of 
them some are dictators some are prime 
ministers but they're tough guys the 
tough guys and those thugs that gave the 
middle finger to our police and then 
started fighting them and actually threw 
two of them down and started beating the 
hell out of them although they fought 
back bravely the two 
but these are tough people and uh they 
know that in their country they'd be 
dead within minutes they would be dead 
as a doornail within minutes and so they 
came over here so it took a long time 
but now it's talking now you're seeing 
it it's migrant crime it's a new 
category of crime and I wanted to call 
it Biden migrant crime but it's too 
long so we just call it migrant crime we 
have a new category migrant crime and 
it's going to be more severe than 
violent crime and crime as we knew it 
because we have millions and millions of 
people and they came from prisons and 
jails they came from mental 
institutions and insane asylums no 
they're not the same thing an insane 
asylum is a mental institution on 
steroids okay it's Silence of the 
Lambs okay you know that Hanah 
Lector they're all being deposited into 
our country and then you have terrorists 
and then you have drugs and then you 
have human traffickers and they're 
coming over at levels never seen before 
we've never seen anything like this 
three years ago we had the safest and 
most secure Border in US history we 
ended Catch and Release except when it 
was catch and release in Mexico we had 
catch and release in our 
country we built 571 miles of bord wall 
far more than I said I was going to 
build and I couldn't get the damn 
thing through Paul Ryan he stopped at 
Paul Ryan a super Rhino he's a super 
Rhino I couldn't get it through Paul 
Ryan Mitch M they said sir if you wait 
till next year I said you sure they said 
don't forget I had never done this stuff 
before you know I'm the president and 
these guys are bullshitting me they said 
sir if you would just sign this budget 
and wait next year we'll put and then 
next year came I said where's my wall 
they said sir we're not going to be 
we're not going to be able to get it you 
know in the meantime they give trillions 
of dollars to the Democrats for the 
green news scam so what I did is I 
approved the military and I took it out 
of the military that's how I built it I 
built the wall through the military and 
the military by the way the Army Corps 
of Engineers did a great job but I built 
it through 571 miles and 200 miles ready 
to go it was laying there ready to be 
installed it would have been three weeks 
the entire thing would have been double 
what I 
promised and then we had the rigged 
election and they said we don't want to 
we don't want to build the wall we don't 
want to build it and I said you know 
they really do want open walls I figured 
it was maybe just talk I said they 
really want an open border nobody could 
understand it they really want an open 
border and that's when it began and 
that's when our country had really 
because we can look we can drill we have 
more energy we have more Liquid Gold 
than any other country we can drill we 
can do all these things things but we 
have a problem because we have by the 
time this guy trying to be nice but I 
don't have to be nice anymore because he 
indicted 
me but I'm trying to be nice anyway but 
by the time this guy gets out of office 
we'll have 18 million people in my 
opinion in a country that shouldn't be 
here and they do come from prisons and 
mental institutions and they are 
terrorists and we're going to be paying 
a price and it'll be the largest 
deportation in the history of our 
country and we have no we have no 
choice and it's not a nice thing to say 
and I hate to say 
it and those clowns in the media will 
say oh he's so mean he's a no no they're 
killing our people they're killing our 
country they're killing our people we 
have no choice you know when I went to 
Mexico I said uh Mr President you're 
going to have to give us 28,000 soldiers 
because the Caravans that was another 
name I came up with I come up with good 
names longtime politicians come to see 
me sir could you give a name to my 
opponent I said how long are you a 
politician 28 years sir you can't come 
up with your own names but I do 
Caravan but I went to the president of 
Mexico I said they're coming through 
your country and thousands and thousands 
of people in these Caravans they have 
one coming up now supposedly 25 th000 
people they're going to walk right into 
our country we have no idea who the hell 
they are but it started with Honduras it 
started with El Salvador they they just 
start but now it's just it's we're equal 
opportunity we have every country we 
have countries that honestly nobody has 
ever heard of we have languages coming 
into our country we don't have one 
instructor in our entire nation that can 
speak that language these are languages 
it's the craziest thing they have 
languages that nobody in this country 
has ever heard of it's a very horrible 
thing I said to the president of Mexico 
you're going to have to give us 28,000 
soldiers for your charge no no no Donald 
I will not do that I will not do that I 
cannot do 
that I said no no you will you will I 
promise no you going do it no no no I 
will not do it I said listen you and my 
friends I really like them a lot so I 
said listen not you and I just give me a 
negotiator because I don't want to do 
this with you and uh he said I will do 
that and he sent me this very handsome 
guy very guy so handsome so beautifully 
dressed in fact I asked him for the name 
of his 
tailor then when I found out how much he 
paid for the suit I said forget it 
keep but he was a handsome 
devil and I said listen you're going to 
have to do a few things you're going to 
have to give me 28,000 soldiers you know 
Tom homman was up before he's fantastic 
when 
and and he does go around saying I love 
this guy he says Trump was the greatest 
president in history and On the Border 
there has never been in his lifetime any 
president that was even closer and he's 
right about that he's right I mean we 
know the 
results but Brandon Jud you have 
unbelievable people all they had to do 
is leave it alone but I said you have to 
give us 28,000 soers no then the new guy 
comes in the representative yes sir uh 
what can I do now I asked Tom homman 
Brandon Jud and a person from the state 
department a wonderful woman she's been 
there for over 20 years she's covered me 
she covered Mexico for over 20 years she 
knew it that and she was competent she 
was good she wasn't a good negotiator 
and I said what would you like give me 
your top I want a top 10 list well sir 
we'd like to remain in Mexico but we've 
been trying to get that for years you 
won't be able to get that and you won't 
be able to get a catch and release in 
Mexico you know we have catch and 
release in there we catch a criminal and 
we release them in our country I said no 
no catch and release is fine in Mexico 
title 42 I want that's with the sick 
people and with the children you got to 
get the children back to their parents 
all of these things they gave me a list 
but they thought they were wasting time 
it was a list of 10 things tough tough 
things just ask Tiana if they were tough 
Tiana became one of the largest cities 
in the world all of a sudden they said 
what the hell is going on so this guy 
comes in and I say look number one I 
want 28,000 soldiers free of charge and 
he goes oh we're not going to do that 
we're not doing he thought I was crazy 
by the way I said Oh no you're going to 
do it 100% no no we're not going to do 
it I said you're going to do it I 
guarantee you you're going to do it he 
goes no way I said 
way and he said we will not do that sir 
we will not do that I said here's what 
else you're going to do remain in Mexico 
nobody comes into our country until 
they're checked at the border you're 
going to do remain in mexic 
you're going to do Catch and Release 
into Mexico not into our country you're 
going to do all sorts of things you know 
we had a lot of medical problems people 
were coming in deathly sick with very 
with a disease highly contagious disease 
I said I don't want our people catching 
these diseases that we never even heard 
about they have diseases nobody's ever 
even heard about I'm sorry I feel badly 
for the people but we don't want to have 
this contagion in our country I'm sorry 
and we did that so we had 
